Que. The Description of each dataset is given below.
You have to perform following operations.
1. Understand the data
2. Do Proper EDA.
3. Do Scaling.
4. Spli the data into Train & Test.

Datasets:

A.Churn.Csv

In this dataset you have to predict that customer is exited or not based on various factors given in dataset.

B. Claimants.csv

In this dataset you have to predict that whether we have to give ATTORNEY to the clients or not (0=Yes, 1=No) based on below factors.
CLMAGE - Age of Client
CLMSEX - Sex of client (0=Male, 1= Female)
SEATBELT - Whether client has Seatbelt or not (0=Yes, 1=No)
CLMINSUR - Whether Client give Insurance or not (0=Yes, 1=No)
LOSS - Loss that client faced

C. Framingham.csv

The model's main purpose is to predict the 10-year risk of Coronary Heart Disease (CHD). CHD is a disease of the blood vessels supplying the heart. Heart disease has been the leading cause of death worldwide since 1921. In 2008, 7.3 million people died from CHD. 
The classification goal is to predict whether the patient has 10-year risk of future coronary heart disease (CHD).The dataset provides the patients’ information. It includes over 4,000 records and 15 attributes.
Variables
Sex: male or female(0=female, 1=male)
Age: Age of the patient
education: Some high school (1), high school/GED (2), some college/vocational school (3), college (4)
Current Smoker: whether or not the patient is a current smoker (0=No, 1=Yes)
Cigs Per Day: the number of cigarettes that the person smoked on average in one day
BP Meds: whether or not the patient was on blood pressure medication 
Prevalent Stroke: whether or not the patient had previously had a stroke (0=No, 1=Yes)
Prevalent Hyp: whether or not the patient was hypertensive (0=No, 1=Yes)
Diabetes: whether or not the patient had diabetes (0=No, 1=Yes)
Tot Chol: total cholesterol level
Sys BP: systolic blood pressure 
Dia BP: diastolic blood pressure
BMI: Body Mass Index
Heart Rate: heart rate
Glucose: glucose level

D. EastWest.csv
 
The file contains information on passengers who belong to an airline’s frequent flier program. For each passenger the data include information on their mileage history and on different ways they accrued or spent miles in the last year. The goal is to try to identify clusters of passengers that have similar characteristics for the purpose of targeting different segments for different types of mileage offers.

Balance--Number of miles eligible for award travel

Qual_mile--Number of miles counted as qualifying for Topflight status

cc1_miles -- Number of miles earned with freq. flyer credit card in the past 12 months:
cc2_miles -- Number of miles earned with Rewards credit card in the past 12 months:
cc3_miles -- Number of miles earned with Small Business credit card in the past 12 months:

Bonus_miles--Number of miles earned from non-flight bonus transactions in the past 12 months

Bonus_trans--Number of non-flight bonus transactions in the past 12 months

Flight_miles_12mo--Number of flight miles in the past 12 months

Flight_trans_12--Number of flight transactions in the past 12 months

Days_since_enrolled--Number of days since enrolled in flier program

Award--whether that person had award flight (free flight) or not.


E. crime_data.csv

The crime_data file information of crimes in cities. 

Data Description:
Murder -- Muder rates in different places of United States
Assualt- Assualt rate in different places of United States
UrbanPop - urban population in different places of United States
Rape - Rape rate in different places of United States

F. Universities.csv

The Universities dataset contain information different universities based on various parameters.
