1. As only 3 students came to attend the class today, find the probability for exactly 4 students to attend the classes tommorow. Use Poisson Distribution.

2. The average number of calls received by a switchboard in a 30-minute period is 15.
a. What is the probability that between 10:00 and 10:30 the switchboard will receivenmore than 5 calls but fewer than 10 calls?
b. What is the probability that between 10:00 and 10:15 the switchboard will receive not more than 2 calls? Use Poisson Distribution.

3. Accidents occur on a certain stretch of motorway at the rate of three per month.
Find the probability that on a given month there will be …
a) … no accidents.
b) … one accident.
c) … two accidents.
d) … three accidents.
e) … four accidents.
Use Poisson Distribution. 

4. Cretan Airlines services which arrive late to Athens Airport on a typical week can be modelled by a Poisson distribution with mean of 4.5 .
Determine the probability that on a given week there will be …
i. … four late arrivals.
ii. … less than four late arrivals.
iii. … at least seven late arrivals.

5. Sheep are randomly scattered in a field which is divided into equal size squares. There are three sheep on average on each square. Determine the probability that on a given square there will be
a) not more than five sheep.
b) more than two but not more than seven sheep.

6. Post boxes in London are randomly spaced out and on average five post boxes are found per square mile. Determine the probability that on a certain square mile there will be
a) exactly seven post boxes.
b) less than eight but not less than four post boxes.

7. A discrete random variable X has Poisson distribution with mean λ.Given that P(X=8)= P(X=9), determine the value of P(4<X≤10).

8. A shop sells a particular make of smart phone. It is assumed that the daily sales of this type of phone is a Poisson variable with mean 3. Find the probability,that on a particular day the shop sells
a) exactly 3 smart phones.
b) at least 4 smart phones.

9. A car showroom salesman receives on average one call every 15 minutes. Assuming a Poisson model, determine the probability that the salesman will receive exactly 6 calls between 9 a.m. and 10 a.m.

10. The daily number of breakdowns of taxis of a certain taxi firm can be modelled by a Poisson distribution with mean 1.5. Find the probability that on a given day there will be exactly 2 breakdowns.